- I want to tell you about the universe.
What is it, and how it came to be,
What are her building blocks.
I want to tell you how the future creates the past,
And then it creates the future.
But first, I want to tell you about crystals.
You may be surprised to know that crystal
Not an expensive piece of glass
Or a chandelier in some luxurious dining room.
The word crystal simply means a non-periodic pattern.
Look at this chess pattern.
See how it is still spreading
Unlimited in every direction?
This means it's the league pattern.
So this is two-dimensional crystal.
This is another two-dimensional crystal.
This is something else.
You can also have three-dimensional crystals.
By the way, this 3D glass called crystal's
Its atoms are actually arranged in a crystalline pattern.
So, see how I'm projecting this three-dimensional crystal
To a two-dimensional image on the sand?
See how that 2D projection looks distorted
Because of the angle of projection?
That 2D image also has a pattern
But it is not periodic so it's not crystal.
But there is a deep connection between the 2D object
On sand and mother crystal 3D.
This distorted 2D style is called semi-crystallization.
And semi-crystallization in a certain way the dimension, in this case, 2D,
Is the drop of the crystal at the top of the dimension,
In this case, 3D.
A group of physicists working in Los Angeles
On the theory of new physics where a given 8D crystal,
Yes, that's right, for an eight-dimensional crystal,
Expect a 4D at a very special angle
Which forms a 4D semi-crystal, and from a 4D semi-crystal,
They derive semi-crystallization of 3D, which they believe
Infrastructure is fundamental to all of reality.
This semi-crystalline 3D has a basic building block,
Tetrahedron, which is not three-dimensional
Equilateral triangle.
The size of each end on this shape is smaller
Possible length can be found.
This is called the Planck length.
It's 10 to 35 times smaller than a meter.
So you know how the TV screen is broken down
Into pixel building blocks called?
Pixel is the smallest possible integral unit
From the 2D screen, so I think for reality as the TV screen
But in 3D, think of tetrahedron as 3D pixels,
The smallest possible integral unit of reality.
And tetrahedron in a semi-crystal unites with the other
Tetrahedron using compound mathematical rules
To fill all the space in the universe.
Each tetrahedron only has a few specific states
Who can be found at any moment.
Because of the rules of how these pixels connect
To each other, and if one tetrahedron is in a certain condition,
This dictates many other countries
Tetrahedron in both space.
But here is a strange thing.
If a certain tetrahedron can be in either one
From just a few possible states at a given moment,
Who or what country to choose
Should you be at any point?
Well, for such a choice to be,
We need scientifically, mathematically, and logically
Bring a new element in physics.
And this component is consciousness.
If you are not a scientist, you may be surprised
To know that no one really knows
The exact value of the speed of light.
We have an approximate concept, but not exactly valuable.
The closest we can get to measure it
It has nothing to do with the accuracy of our machines,
But no matter how accurate our machines get,
We will not be able to measure the exact speed of light
Without theory that tells us what it is and why it is,
And current trends in physics theories do not.
- [Woman] Oh look, Professor Einstein, you look so cute!
- [Einstein] Do I look pretty here?
- Yes Yes. - No waiting,
This is my bad side, what if I go?
- Yes, so good. - What if you stick to it
My tongue is like this?
- good! - Oh oh.
We have the best theories of physics, Einstein's theory of relativity
Quantum mechanics is both used
The speed of light as a starting point.
In other words, they are used to an accurate measurement
From the speed of light without explaining why it is,
What is it, or why does the universe even have
The speed limit in the first place.
We need a new theory.
This theory is what physicists and mathematicians
Quantum gravity research in Los Angeles is working on it.
They call it the theory of evolution and it will be,
Really for the first time ever,
Provide an explanation for the speed of light
And other constants, such as Planck's constant
The content of the structure is fine.
Basically what is needed is the theory of everything,
Theory that explains too
The basic aspects of reality.
String theory, which once held much promise
The theory of everything may be successful,
He has no successful predictions regardless
From predictions, the theory itself is not actually a theory
Of all things, it's just not, because it cannot be explained
The speed of light or other constants.
Quantum mechanics and general relativity, on the other hand,
It does not make good predictions, but it does not explain
The basic constants either.
- [Man] Professor Einstein, why is the speed of light
Our exact value that he does?
- [Einstein] Well, to put it downright, well, and security!
- So what clues does nature provide for us
Why does the theory of everything look like?
We have identified seven.
Info, causal episodes, non determinists,
Consciousness, pixelization, E8 crystal, and golden ratio.
A growing number of physicists say
The information is done.
What does that even mean?
Well, the information makes sense in symbolic form.
Language or symbol provide this type
Symbolic transfer information.
A very different type of code
He is the one who represents himself.
Geometric symbols can do that.
A cube can represent love, if we say do it, or it can
It represents, in fact, with minimal objectivity, per se.
Could there be a language or code making from engineering?
What kind of information does this language express?
Quantum physics and classical physics
It indicates that the reality is made of information
There is no evidence to monitor this fact
Than anything else from information.
Many physicists agree, and many do not.
But those that do not agree that reality will take place
The information have no explanation for what reality.
If not information. Gentlemen?
- [Man] is made the reality of the information.
- [Man] No.
- [Man] Yes, the information is done.
- No. - Okay, so what is it
Made of, if not information?
- energy. Energy is information!
- This is stupidity. Energy is ability
For particles to change their position.
Information capabilities, energy is information!
- Both. - It's information!
- mm, mm. - What is it then?
- No information available. - What is it then?
- [Man] No information available!
The truth is engineering.
An engineering language in a form of engineering symbolism,
Kind of symbols that represent themselves,
It may explain how engineering reality
It can be made of pure information.
Information means meaning, but what is meaning?
The meaning is by comparison, this is what we do,
But we do it quickly, and we don't realize we do it,
We are looking at something and we are identical to something
From our database, we are example, this is a passage,
This is a building, not a pass, this is the window,
Not constructive, so meaning conceive of something
Relative to something else, that is to say
It is subjective and requires selection.
Can we get some dramatic music here?
(Exciting music)
Because the meaning is personal, in order that even exist,
It needs to be seen or measured
Some form of awareness.
Einstein showed how the past and the future
It is found simultaneously in one geometric object.
So all the time is there all the time.
Let me say it again, all the time is there all the time.
I know that the kind voices are strange and unintuitive
But we have to kind of suspend our common sense
Which mathematically reviewed, according to the best
Our physics formulas, this reality makes sense.
So, let's visualize an engineering object
Einstein would have talked about as a block.
Remember the tetrahedron, the bedrock
Indeed pixels I told you about?
Now imagine the entire universe, everything,
Everywhere, in one frozen moment in time.
Like one frame in a movie, in this one frame,
All of the reality appears everywhere
Frozen in this one position.
Let me give you the analogy.
In the movie shooting 35 mm film,
There are 24 frames per second.
There is no actual movement in the movie,
There is just a series of frozen frames.
Now remember how I told you about the length of Planck
From space, which is the smallest possible length?
Well there is also Planck's length of time
And it is much shorter than 24 frames per second.
In fact, it's 10 to 44 times shorter than a second.
Okay, so our Frozen Framework actually returns.
The whole universe in one frozen moment, one frame,
But instead of a frame in the movie,
It's the framework in all of reality.
Now, imagine the next frame.
Each tire is different from the previous one,
Just like in the movie.
See how all frames are found in Einstein
Space-time every time?
Well, now here is where things get really really strange.
We assume that the past affects the future.
This is how it appears to experience reality.
But when we look at this block,
So why is one side in the past and one side in the future?
Why do you go from left to right and not from right to left?
Why can't the future affect the past?
Take away the past and future names
If this helps you think about this concept.
So whether past, future, and future influences
Does the past affect endless loop reactions?
So the question is, which part of the past?
Is to influence any part of the future, and vice versa,
The answer is everything time affects all time
Every time. - Oy VEY, I need a drink.
- Is this even possible?
My 20 years from now can affect me now
Just as you sway her?
So my five minutes from now can influence me 10 minutes ago,
As me 10 minutes ago affects me as a baby,
As for me as a baby that affects me on his deathbed?
This is very strange to understand that.
But all we know and say this is the way it is.
Am I stoned?
Okay, so if every moment co-created every other moment,
Both forward and backward at the time, then the reality will be
This massive neural network covers space and time.
This type of network would have one even way strange
Quality than anything we've talked about yet,
It will be his own creator.
But the fact is that all the time is there all the time
Not to say that the future is written in stone
And we're kind of an animation coder or something.
(Cheerful music)
That's what they thought, though.
Years ago, it was popular to believe
In the problem, to some extent, the idea from the reality of existence
The inevitability of the game itself.
The famous double fissure eliminated the experience of determinism.
Search for him if you've never heard of it, it's wild
It is one of the fundamental pillars of modern physics.
But for now, take my word for it, it ruled out the imperative
And ushered in a new age of inevitability,
Or basically, free will.
So how do you feel free to work?
One of the most surprising discoveries of quantum physics
Is that only reality exists upon observation,
So literally particles don't exist
Even it is observed.
Famous physicist John Wheeler, he's the man who came
With a black hole run, he says reality
Made of information, which is created by the note.
It should be monitored, he says,
From a conscious thing.
Nobel Prize winner Frank WILCZEK said
That quantum theory is controversial and vague,
And he will stay that way until someone builds,
Within the formalism of quantum mechanics, observer,
Entity model in which the states correspond
To a caricature of recognition from conscious awareness.
Entity, observer, so Frank Wilkesk is basically
We talk about an entity, not necessarily a human being
Or an animal that is capable of generating
Information through observation and measurement.
But what could this entity be conscious?
Well we definitely know this awareness exists
In the universe, I mean, in the least in us humans, right?
I mean, I'm conscious, I was conscious, and he's conscious,
Think. - I know!
(acclaim)
Awareness is related to the depth of physics
In ways that are not yet fully understood.
In fact, awareness is kind of like one of the least
Understand things in all sciences.
Nobody knows exactly what it is.
Strange, right?
Even if the reality is pure information, if everything,
Energy, matter, and thought, if it's all information,
Then it becomes clear this reality of deep relations
In his consciousness in some way, as if it were essential
Reality stuff is somehow consciousness.
Does awareness and information appear in one way or another?
In a causal treadmill?
German physicist Werner developed Heisenberg I
Equations of Quantum Mechanics using
A type of mathematics is called matrix theory.
He deduced that space was time dotted
To segmentation three-dimensional units of Planck length
Just like two-dimensional pixels
On your computer screen. - Good to be made of pixels.
Mathematics indicated this. - Maths!
I like Mathematics!
- Your pizza, professor! - And pizza,
Oh, I love pizza, especially the pizza spot.
- [Marion] Interestingly, there was no solid
Empirical evidence for a smooth manner,
In other words, no spotted, spacetime.
- Werner mm and pizza.
(Crowd screaming) We're not spotted !!!
- [Einstein] We're not pixelated!
- Yes, you, morons. - Your mother is pixelated!
Smooth space. - There is no evidence for this,
Show math is polka dots,
So it must be pixelated. - Well this is interesting,
Bullshit. - It must be pixelated!
- [Einstein] bullshit, bullshit, bullshit, bullshit!
- [Marion] On the other hand, on the one hand, most scholars agree
That the length could be no shorter than the length of Planck,
Which indicates an unbroken reality.
- [Einstein] There is no shorter length
From the length of Planck. - This means reality
Unbreakable. - I'm not polka dots,
I'm not! - My friend,
You are kind of being a little bit like one of these people
Those who deny the development because they can not cope with
Really their ancestors were monkeys.
Are you a monkey, huh, are you a little monkey?
We believe even quantum gravity theory
Whoever discovered the spacetime,
The issue will remain confusing everyone.
What kind of engineering code would I describe?
Reality Polka Dots?
80 years of breaking apart particles into particles
Accelerators like the famous Large Hadron Collider
In Geneva he gave us a strange idea,
That all basic particles and forces
Convert to another one, as it literally transforms
From one to the other according to the process
Measurement called transformation symmetry,
And all of these conversions correspond to a shape,
And not just any shape, an eight-dimensional shape.
Now this shape forms the crystal.
Now remember crystals are periodic patterns
Of a certain shape, such as that of chess
It is a 2D crystal made of boxes,
So this is crystal for a special eight-dimensional shape
This is a crystal known as the E8 lattice.
(Jazz)
To generate that quasi-3D crystal,
And the end of the fabric is dotted with reality.
We highlight this crystal 8D to 4D.
Then we convert this to 3D.
Now, just like the basic cell form a 3D cubic lattice
It is a cubic, cellular E8 lattice shape
It is 8D format with 240 vertices.
We call it a multi-station gosset.
When a multi-station gosset is expected to 4D,
It becomes two identical shapes of various sizes.
The proportion of their sizes is a unique number, 0.618,
Also known as the golden ratio.
(Explosion)
The golden ratio may be the primary constant of nature.
It is a ratio that is essential to restricted
Equilateral triangles and it is strange everywhere
In the universe, which appears everywhere
From quantum to celestial scales.
Interestingly, it ever appears in black holes.
- [Einstein] I don't want to fly in a black hole!
I never wish your theory existed!
(Belching)
- Well, let's get serious for a second.
Here are three quick facts for you science chiefs.
The golden ratio is the accurate point where the black hole is in
Adjust the specific temperature changes from positive to negative
And it is part of the equation
The lowest in the universe is a black hole.
The golden ratio is even related to the severity of the quantum ring
Parameter to the universe is a black hole.
Why does this support the claim that the golden ratio
Is it an essential constant in nature?
Because the theory of everything must unite
General relativity with quantum mechanics and a black hole
Where these two theories converge on their limits.
Okay, so he bears with me through some really strange math
Now I will reward you with some amazing clips
John Malkovich getting a pie in the face.
There is a type of mathematics called mathematics matrix.
No, not this type of matrix.
(Upbeat music)
Mathematics matrix is ​​a type of mathematics
This uses quantum physics in its formulas.
Without getting the technology either,
This is an example of a matrix.
A matrix is ​​just a set of numbers
That are arranged in columns in rows.
There are some amount of combinations
For these numbers inside the array,
Like if a matrix has four numbers inside it,
There are 24 different possible combinations
For these four numbers.
Quantum mechanics uses binary matrices,
It even contains only different combinations of two numbers.
Each of these combinations numbers has a value.
It's called on the intrinsic value.
He called some trivial subjective values.
These are values ​​like one, two, and zero.
Some are called non-trivial,
And those are all sorts of more aggregate look numbers,
So here is the interesting part.
Where is this interesting part?
Oh yeah, here is the highest non-trivial possibility
The intrinsic values ​​that appear in binary matrices are,
Ready for that?
The golden ratio and minus one over the golden ratio.
So we now see a deep relationship between black holes
And quantum mechanics because the golden ratio
It looks deep in both black hole physics
And in quantum mechanics.
Well, a good job bearing with me, so here is your reward.
John Malkovich getting a pie in the face.
- No, I will not, no no, but ... I am not John Malkovich.
- Pie!
The golden ratio shows its amazing accuracy
In many other ways throughout the universe
In large and small scales.
It is also pervasive
Simply can not be considered like coincidence.
In the past, the appearance of this ratio
It is usually ignored by scientists
Because they have no way to explain it, so they have an interest in that
The stuff was considered by amateur scientists.
But now, for the first time, quantum gravity is strict
The theory you expect is being developed
The golden ratio exists in literally everywhere.
So what would everything theory look like
To answer those seven clues we just presented?
Info, causal episodes, non determinists,
Consciousness, pixelization, E8 crystal, and golden ratio.
(KLEE) So we think reality is like a mosaic code or language
In the smallest size possible reality
It is called the Planck length.
The particle accelerator data tells us that all particles
The forces are related to another one according to
Top dimensional crystal called E8 lattice.
But reality seems to be 3D, so we highlight the slide
This E8 crystal right down to 3D,
That produces semi-crystallization code or language
These allow engineering symbols to build
To the ordinary world of molecules
And the forces that we see around us.
Now this engineering language has rules
But grammarians also have freedom like any language
This requires some idea of ​​the chosen one
To choose free steps in the language.
Now, the random idea is not working very well
When it comes to symbols, the meaning begins to break down.
Besides, there is no decent empirical evidence
To randomness in nature in the first place.
A global collective consciousness is one answer,
But this seems a new and religious era.
At present, there are quite a number of physicists
Discuss the idea that we actually have the entire universe
Code-based simulation in some powerful mythical
A quantum computer in another world.
Now, if this is true, then with the same logic,
That the other universe, where the computer is running
The simulation of the universe is also going to be assumed
The simulation is in another world,
So the idea is a little shaky but it's being discussed
Seriously by many people credible.
But collective turns out to be universal
Consciousness of a kind may be physically inevitable.
Now we do not need to anthropomorphize this idea
Or make it religious or spiritual.
To follow up on the cause, let's start with the idea
From the collective behavior of cells in the body,
Every single sized germ lives its life.
A long time ago, only this type of mobile cell phone
I found a form of life here on Earth.
These few men were not very smart, but they did not choose
What is the direction to swim and can chase nutrients,
Production and operation are dangerous.
They made choices with their systems very simple
Environmental awareness and the desire to survive.
Then they organized themselves into colonies that were more intelligent
As a group, it was more environmental
Awareness of individuals.
Ultimately, animals like humans appeared.
Sophisticated forms of awareness and awareness
Now floating on the perimeter of 37 trillion living cells,
As a self-organizing human.
It is precisely for the laws of physics
The electrons that result from it and quarks in self-determination are regulation
In 81 atoms are stable and from there,
In human consciousness, physics places are not the upper limit
An amount of energy and materials
It can self-organize into conscious systems.
- Physics allows the possibility of all energy
In the universe to eventually transform
In one conscious system this is itself a network
Other conscious systems are huge,
Technologically based, collective awareness.
Given enough time, anything can happen
It will eventually happen.
Through this axiom, this system is universal consciousness
It has already appeared somewhere in frames
Spacetime is in front of us.
Because it is possible, it is inevitable.
Indeed, according to evidence of causal reaction
The Hour of Rings, the inevitable future is co-created for us
For the time being, we are also involved in creating this problem.
When humanity discovers the theory of everything,
It will usher in a new era of prosperity.
For example ,, leading cheap, clean, energy
To permanently eradicate poverty.
As a result, gravitational non-profit research
Rely on crowdfunding to support our scientific progress.
Even a $ 5 donation is beneficial
This mission is moving forward.
To take part in the adventure,
Visit QuantumGravityResearch.org
And click on Enterprise Support.
Please spread the word via exchange and publication
This video and follow the trip
On Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
Visit QuantumGravityResearch.org for more information.